Dell Venue 8 Pro I'm playing Starcraft 2
on it it's at 1080 1076 by 768 little
jerky at full resolution but I mean you
can see here you know moderately large
battle and planning it's a hard AI and
it's smoother playable the other
StarCraft II videos I've seen we're just
in the campaign and that's fine but I
wanted to play make a play it looks like
it would be able to do it sort of
really need a mouthpieces I've got my
mouth set of gonna do and yeah you can
get the little dongle and you can do
that you see these black bars along the
side that's the resolution that could be
there but isn't let me jump it up here
actually and let's see what it looks
like it Fulton 1280 by 800 see if it's
laggy or anything
alright here we are you see it's wider
those black bars are gone definitely
playing I mean it's not quite buttery
smooth but uh
it's going the only other thing I would
mention is that I keep hitting these
warnings in the background
here we go right here
his programs saying that I don't have
memories is low and it's popped up
several times it hasn't affected the
gameplay but I mean that's that I guess
the other thing I did that helped was I
went to the task manager and I had my
Starcraft 2 here and I want and I
update speed you can see it's running in
high I don't know that's actually doing
anything but there was some hiccups in
the beginning that are gone but that
might just be because I'm still
downloading things in the background I
kind of suck playing right now because I
don't have a keyboard and it's kind of a
small screen I would really if I had a
miracast device I'd like to try that out
but you can see here the Dell Venue 8
Pro run starcraft pretty well and it's
touchscreen
so yeah there you go